ECS on by default for Logstash 8, again (#13391)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/ecs-compatibility.asciidoc

Any plugin that supports this mode will also have an `ecs_compatibility` option, which allows you to configure which mode the individual plugin instance should operate in.
If left unspecified for an individual plugin, the pipeline's `pipeline.ecs_compatibility` setting will be observed.
This allows you to configure plugins to use a specific version of ECS or to use their legacy non-ECS behavior.

ECS compatibility modes do not prevent you from explicitly configuring a plugin in a manner that conflicts with ECS.
Instead, they ensure that _implicit_ configuration avoids conflicts.

[[ecs-configuration]]
===== Configuring ECS

In {ls} 8, all plugins are run in ECS compatibility {ls8-ecs-major-version} mode by default, but you can opt out at the plugin, pipeline, or system level to maintain legacy behavior.

> This can be helpful if you have very complex pipelines that were defined pre-ECS, to allow you to either upgrade them or to avoid doing so independently of your {ls} 8.x upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These options can be helpful if you have very complex pipelines that were defined pre-ECS. 
You can upgrade them or avoid doing so independently of your {ls} 8.x upgrade.
```
